[FLOSS H2] Reinstate Mounting tutorial (#4646)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/tutorials/mount.md

# Mounting

In ths tutorial we will go over mounting configuration files to enable non-elektrified applications to be configured through Elektra.

The best way of integrating Elektra into applications is to [elektrify](/doc/help/elektra-glossary.md) them.

> To use elketra with non-elektrified applications we can also let Elektra sync configuration files on the file system and the elektra key-storage.

Reviewer: Typo here, `elketra` should be `Elektra`

> To use Elketra with non-elektrified applications we can also let Elektra sync configuration files on the file system and the Elektra key-storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Elektra with non-elektrified applications we can also let Elektra sync configuration files on the file system and  Elektra's key-value storage.
```
